added more text to define and examplify the type claim (#153)
vcstuff/draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc: draft-terbu-oauth-sd-jwt-vc.md

#### `type` claim {#type-claim}

> This specification defines the JWT claim `type`. The `type` claim value is the
> identifier for a pre-defined bundle of claims associated with certain
> policies for enrollment and issuance that the respective SD-JWT VC
> conforms to. The `type` value MUST be a case-sensitive `StringOrURI` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification defines the JWT claim `type`. The `type` claim value is the
identifier for a pre-defined bundle of claims that the respective SD-JWT VC
conforms to. The `type` value MUST be a case-sensitive `StringOrURI` value.
```

I don't really understand what `associated with certain policies for enrollment and issuance` means..?

Reviewer 2: I agree, I don't fully understand either I think I have a clue but imo, it sounds a bit too difficult to parse for most readers.

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer my suggestion below.

> This specification defines the JWT claim `type`. The `type` claim value is the
> identifier for a pre-defined bundle of claims associated with certain
> policies for enrollment and issuance that the respective SD-JWT VC
> conforms to. The `type` value MUST be a case-sensitive `StringOrURI` value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This specification defines the JWT claim `type`. The `type` value
specifies the type of the VC represented by the SD-JWT VC. The
type determines the presence of JWT claims in the 
unsecured payload of the SD-JWT VC. The type also indicates which
JWT claims can have corresponding entries in the `_sd` claim and
are selective disclosable. The `type` value MUST be a case-sensitive
`StringOrURI` value.
```

Reviewer 3: Rewording based on @awoie's proposal and incorporating Torsten's ideas.

```suggestion
This specification defines the JWT claim `type`. The `type` value
MUST be a case-sensitive `StringOrURI` value serving as an identifier
for the type of the SD-JWT VC. A type defines which claims MAY or MUST appear in the 
Unsecured Payload of the SD-JWT VC and whether they are
selectively disclosable or not. This specification does not define any `type` values; instead
it is expected that ecosystems using SD-JWT VCs define such values including
the semantics of the respective claims and associated rules (e.g., policies for issuing and
accepting credentials of a certain type).
```

The following is a non-normative example of how `type` is used to express
a type:

```
{
  "type": "IdentityCredential"
}
```

> The example type `IdentityCredential` is defined as containing at least the claims `given_name`, `family_name`, `birthdate`, and `address` as defined in the in the "JSON Web Token Claims" registry as defined in [@!RFC7519]. SD-JWT VCs of this type might also contain the claims `email` and `phone_number` defined in the registry. Additionally, the type is defined to may include claims `is_over_18`, `is_over_21`, and `is_over_65`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SD-JWT VC of a type `IdentityCredential` is defined as containing 
- mandatory JWT claims `given_name`, `family_name`, `birthdate`, and `address` registered in the "JSON Web Token Claims" registry created by [@!RFC7519],
- optional JWT claims `email` and `phone_number` defined in the same registry, and
- optional claims `is_over_18`, `is_over_21`, and `is_over_65` defined by this Credential type.
```

I think this is what this text wants to say...?

> The example type `IdentityCredential` is defined as containing at least the claims `given_name`, `family_name`, `birthdate`, and `address` as defined in the in the "JSON Web Token Claims" registry as defined in [@!RFC7519]. SD-JWT VCs of this type might also contain the claims `email` and `phone_number` defined in the registry. Additionally, the type is defined to may include claims `is_over_18`, `is_over_21`, and `is_over_65`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, a type `IdentityCredential` can be defined that an SD-JWT VC of type `IdentityCredential` requires at least the registered JWT claims `given_name`, `family_name`, `birthdate`, and `address` in the unsecured payload. Additionally, the unsecured payload might optionally contain the registered JWT claims `email` and `phone_number`, and the private claims `is_over_18`, `is_over_21`, and `is_over_65`. The type might also indicate that `given_name`, `family_name`, `birthdate`, `address` can have corresponding entries in the `_sd` claim and are selective disclosable. 
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, a type `IdentityCredential` can be defined such that at least the registered JWT claims `given_name`, `family_name`, `birthdate`, and `address` must appear in the Unsecured Payload. Additionally, the registered JWT claims `email` and `phone_number`, and the private claims `is_over_18`, `is_over_21`, and `is_over_65` may be used. The type might also indicate that `given_name`, `family_name`, `birthdate`, `address` can be selectively disclosable.
```

#### `type` claim {#type-claim}

This specification defines the JWT claim `type`. The `type` value
MUST be a case-sensitive `StringOrURI` value serving as an identifier

> for the type of the SD-JWT VC. A type defines which claims may or must appear in the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
for the type of the SD-JWT VC. A type defines which claims may or must appear in the
```
